John just got a new pair of shoes so I
figured I'm gonna film him unboxing them
for all you guys what's up dude you got
some new shoes yeah i actually just
brought him in a minute ago yeah dude
fedex drop them off that's where we work
yeah yeah he likes touching packages all
day package handling so what have you
got here uh I just ordered a pair of
America sues the other day we open this
up let's open it up dude my slice thank
you I like that one better oh man just
came a day early to bummer yeah there's
just be here by tomorrow friday right
from the America website got the receipt
right here thirty-seven dollars there's
his address and everything your room see
what these things are like it's sunny
look-sees midwest gabfest chilly you
know I get ready Oh cover your eyes oh
man it's pretty nice Oh bled a little
golden emblem right there these are
actually Navy oh that's maybe yeah
they're pretty six years can't we just
like them
and have to put them to the test let's
do it oh dude that's what this is that
work that's a package return team we
work at fedex we do i do those for the
very most stickers next releases not
anything maybe yeah white shuli all you
got extra shoelaces at site that's tight
yeah that's not a staggering from st
iphone yeah those are nice are they
comfortable right on dude I just can't
up a sick that's so meant Jake and I
just went in on a box of shoes yeah
nobody wants to be filled you got this
Jacob I feel like I'm like candidate
Jordan come join the party man yeah
we're all waiting all right I'll see you
yeah he does yeah oh yeah all right oh
is it but
yeah he told me about that dude it's
open dude why are you guys like oh yeah
I never mind I'll do it this is a day
one twelvers Jacob didn't even know what
these shoes look like so what do you
think they're pretty sick dude you're
like I'm swinging open up the yeah you
just open the rest of the shoes that we
get this over with good luck eyes or
ears got some lakai judo's those were
forty dollars these were forty dollars
these are garbage to me this in your
arms I you like those yeah yeah all
right those are sweet not filling the
unboxing this oh great my shoes already
coming out of the box oh dude it's not a
surprise anymore oh no you don't feel me
do know got these vans type twos suede
in Kansas stuff all in a little place is
great yeah like these shoes ordered a
smaller size let's see it it's great
it's like a glove these are thirty
dollars okay talk to shred hope you guys
enjoyed this oh here's John let's check
out this real giant rail what class
alright time to shred stay tuned we're
making a sick video by your dark